Why release the InterLink Wallet in the upcoming update? Is this the right time?  In the past six months, there were times when we prepared for the launch of ITLX and the InterLink Super Wallet, but we postponed in order to optimize the app as well as to build stable mechanisms for the Human Network.  And for a project to be able to open the network to the outside and truly become decentralized, an on-chain wallet is necessary.  So what awaits in Version V4.0 —where the InterLink Super Wallet, ITLX, and Human Credit will officially launch?   InterLink Super Wallet  The InterLink Super Wallet is not just an ordinary wallet but one that connects with the ITLX DeFi Platform. This enables:   Token swaps  Leveraged trading  U.S. stock purchases  Real-world crypto payments … and also serves as the gateway for InterLink to approach the Web3 world.  In addition to strengths in interface and features, the InterLink Super Wallet also builds a Sharing Revenue Referral System:   All fees generated will be divided into two parts: one part for the referrer and one part for the token buyback fund.  This is almost the first system in the world to apply such an on-chain revenue sharing and buyback mechanism.  Human Credit System  The Human Credit System applies large language models (LLMs) and machine learning to calculate how verification should be determined appropriately.   The higher the Human Credit, the greater the proportion of verified ITLG received.  Criteria are not yet finalized, but some known factors include:  Level of active mining  Active mining of referred users  On-chain activities in the InterLink Super Wallet (swaps, derivatives trading, stock purchases, etc.)  Other indicators to most objectively evaluate each person’s Human Credit.   Burning and Long-Term Value Recently, I have received many complaints about Burning. However, if we want the project to remain strong and valuable in the long run, then accepting certain reductions is something that must be done.  In the future,  DAO proposals regarding game rewards or referrals to gradually reduce [$ITLG](https://x.com/search?q=%24ITLG&src=cashtag_click) rewards will be proposed for the community to vote on.

[11:10 PM · Sep 20, 2025](https://x.com/kv_interlink/status/1969418858676306389) KV Post

\\